Update CSP Documentation (#687)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/api/configuration-render.md

- Type: `Boolean` or `Object`
  - Default: `false`

> Use this to configure Content-Security-Policy to load external resources

**Prerequisites:**

> These CSP settings are only effective when using Nuxt server to serve your SSR application. The Policies defined under `csp.policies` are added to the response `Content-Security-Policy` HTTP header.

Reviewer: Would probably suggest to directly reference the target here:

```suggestion
These CSP settings are only effective when using Nuxt with `target: 'server'` to serve your SSR application. The Policies defined under `csp.policies` are added to the response `Content-Security-Policy` HTTP header.
```
